no i just opened up his juggernaut what
this is sick I hope it doesn't care that
an open up this going Oh what up Jo I
just I thought it'd be cool you know if
I open some of your stuff to show my
fans and stuff you know and it that's
cool right school it's cool is it cool
Joe Hey Joe you all right Joe Joe
yeah what up you guys so these are all
the figures that are part of the Fin
Fang Foom series and you can see I'm
trying to zoom up there she-hulk right
there Wendigo son of whole King Hulk
absorbing man savage gray Hulk classic
um doc Samson right here and I'm not
joke of ponds house what up so yeah so
he's crazy he's got all these figures
mint plus he's got the actual figure
loose so we're gonna go check that out
right now okay here yo what up so here's
Foom right here he's so dope he's really
really tall and I'm trying to do this
out with one hand so it's kind of weird
he's really sick I'm jealous cuz I don't
have one so I'm just glad that Joe is
letting me do this review from right
here and back stop you said I had your
permission oh hell no anyways but yeah
the first thing I noticed when I picked
him up is that like he's a really hard
plastic I can't explain um they just
really like hard I don't know I just I
imagined him to be more like rubbery but
he's definitely harder than I thought
really really dope I'm not trying to do
this with one hand his face is really
cool really like his red eyes and you
can see he has like the pupil going on
in there and I'm getting all up in the
camera sorry about that getting a shadow
up in here but I loved the mouth I love
how the mouth has articulation right
here really really dope he's got his
horns and his ears right here really
really sick a lot of detail really scaly
looking really cool i love them out
that's like my favorite thing the teeth
so sick makes me want to have one right
now wish I had one I need to see the
neck goes around right here really hard
to do it one hand sorry about that you
can see obviously the arms and the
elbows right here and the hands are so
dope really really cool almost as big as
my hands I have really tiny hands and
really cool you can just see all the
fingernails and everything
here I try to get better lighting over
his body here he's a light green and
just goes into the darker green right
here really sick his feet are really
dope too I just made one of his wings
fell off his feet are really really sick
he's got always like oops like all these
like a knobby things going on up here
and you can see his toes really really
cool and his feet do move like back and
forth all the way around his ankles
right here right here his knees and his
wings fall off apparently a lot you can
see they connect right in here I just
put his wings back in his wings move a
lot you can really do a lot of different
poses with his wings really sick really
really cool coloring on there and you
can even see like the little veins and
everything on the wing so sick so dope
you can see all his leg knobs right here
going all the way down you can save
articulation right in here and he's
really really dope he's on he's pretty
hard to get like I don't have one I
don't even have any pieces to him at all
hopefully one day I'll be able to get
one really dope and I love how the tail
just moves all around you can do all
kinds of different stuff with the tail
right here you can see the tip of its
two different pieces really really sick
i love this how they have this green
right in here really dope just loving
all these details right in here all the
scales and everything and he's got a lot
of Starscream's not as many as me though
here's some more of his stuff back here
glass cabinets for the win but yeah
definitely I'm definitely definitely a
must-have he's one of the coolest build
the figures I've ever seen in my whole
life so definitely gotta pick him up and
this is realistic videos I catch you
guys next time peace yo Joe what we
gonna do one of the foam wings is stuck
behind the glass cabinet you tipped it
over and it fell down but you always put
it back re i'm going to use a
thundercracker wing and this is I
believe the Armada of series
thundercracker this is the nerdiest
thing I've ever done
use a Thundercracker we try to get the
poem thing oh I'm doing you do see if I
could do it